# simple_proof_of_stake_blockchain
This is a simple Proof-of-stake blockchain in Python. (Without EVM) After the block is generated, the "blockchain.json" file will be created and the block will be saved in this file.

**Create Wallet:** <br/>
To create a new wallet, run:
```sh
python main.py create_wallet
```
This command will generate a new wallet and print the wallet's address.

**Add Stakeholder:** <br/>
To add a stakeholder, you need the address of an existing wallet and the amount of stake you want to assign.
```sh
python main.py add_stakeholder --address "your_wallet_address" --stake 100
```
Replace "your_wallet_address" with the address generated by the "create_wallet" command. This sample command adds a stakeholder with 100 units of stake.

**Create Transaction:** <br/>
To create a transaction, you need the sender address, recipient address, and the amount to transfer.
```sh
python main.py create_transaction --sender "sender_wallet_address" --recipient "recipient_wallet_address" --amount 50
```
Replace "sender_wallet_address" and "recipient_wallet_address" with the generated addresses. This sample command creates a transaction from the sender to the recipient for the specified amount.

**Simulate Block:** <br/>
To simulate block creation (mining a block), run:
```sh
python main.py mine
```
This sample command selects a validator based on the proof-of-stake mechanism and creates a new block with the pending transactions.

**Check Blockchain Validity:** <br/>
To check if the blockchain is valid, run:
```sh
python main.py check_chain
```
This sample command will print whether the blockchain is valid or not.

**Print Blockchain Block:** <br/>
To print the blockchain block, run:
```sh
python main.py print_block --index 1
```
This sample command will print the first block from the Blockchain
